this.Common.AddMoney(int money) -> void
this.Common.AddTP(int -> void
this.Common.AdvanceStoryProgress() -> void
this.Common.GetCharName(int) -> String
this.Common.GetFieldGuest() -> int
this.Common.GetFieldName(int) -> String
this.Common.GetFreePartyMemory() -> int
this.Common.GetMainStoryPlayerSex() -> int
this.Common.GetModelNameFieldGuest() -> String
this.Common.GetMoney() -> int
this.Common.GetPartyEmptyNum() -> int
this.Common.GetPartyNumExhausted() -> int
this.Common.GetPlayerClothModelName() -> String
this.Common.GetPlayerModelName() -> String
this.Common.GetPlayerSex() -> int
this.Common.GetStoryMode() -> int
this.Common.GetTP() -> int
/*
 * Returns always 0
 */
this.Common.IsDebugGuestAdd() -> bool
this.Common.IsExistReverseStorySaveData(int) -> bool
this.Common.IsOnMirrorDungeon() -> bool
this.Common.IsStoryClearCyberSleuth() -> bool
this.Common.IsStoryClearHackersMemory() -> bool
this.Common.LearnHackingSkill(int) -> void
this.Common.SendNoticeStoryClearCyberSleuth() -> void
this.Common.SendNoticeStoryClearHackersMemory() -> void
this.Common.SetControlPlayerType(int) -> void
this.Common.SetFieldGuest(int) -> void
this.Common.SetOnMirrorDungeon(bool) -> void
/*
 * Returns always 1
 */
this.Common.IsEnableHackersMemory() -> bool
this.Common.SetProhibitedDistrict(bool) -> void
this.Common.GetItemName(int) -> String
this.Common.IsLearnHackingSkill(int) -> bool
this.Common.GetPartyMaxNum() -> int
this.Common.GetPartyNum() -> int
this.Common.GetMaxPartyMemory() -> int
this.Common.GetUsePartyMemory() -> int
this.Common.GetHackerRank() -> int
this.Common.AddClearNum() -> void
/*
 * Probably gets the number of times the game has been cleared.
 * 0 -> Cyber Sleuth
 * 3 -> current game
 * otherwise -> Hacker's Memory
 */
this.Common.GetClearNum(int) -> int
/*
 * Probably gets the story progress.
 * 0 -> Cyber Sleuth
 * 3 -> current game
 * otherwise -> Hacker's Memory
 */
this.Common.GetStoryProgress(int) -> int
this.Common.GetMainStoryPlayerModelName() -> String
this.Common.SetPlayerClothModelName(String) -> void
this.Common.GetControlPlayerType() -> int
this.Common.GetControlPlayerModelName() -> String