this.Keyword.AdvanceProgress(int keyId) -> void
this.Keyword.CloseUseWindow() -> void
this.Keyword.Delete(int) -> void
this.Keyword.EventHappen(int) -> void
this.Keyword.GetActiveID() -> int
this.Keyword.GetMessageID(int keyId, int index, int messageType, int useResult, bool isProgress) -> int
this.Keyword.GetMessageType(int keyId, int msgId) -> int
this.Keyword.GetProgress(int) -> int
this.Keyword.GetResultUseWindow() -> int
this.Keyword.GetTalkDataName() ?
this.Keyword.IsCompleted(int) -> bool
this.Keyword.IsEndCloseUseWindow() -> bool
this.Keyword.IsEventHappen(int) -> bool
this.Keyword.IsHave(int) -> bool
this.Keyword.IsNextUseWindow() -> bool
this.Keyword.OpenUseWindow() -> void
this.Keyword.SetNpcKeywordIcon() -> void
this.Keyword.UnlockDirectionCorrect() -> void
this.Keyword.UnlockDirectionIncorrect() -> void
this.Keyword.Add(int) -> void
/*
 * Always false
 */
this.Keyword.IsCorrectAnswer() -> bool
/*
 * Always -1
 */
this.Keyword.GetUseTargetID() -> int